https://hnrss.org/best tech
https://hnrss.org/frontpage tech
https://lobste.rs/rss tech

https://suckless.org/atom.xml linux
https://voidlinux.org/atom.xml linux
https://archlinux.org/feeds/news/ linux
https://www.debian.org/News/news linux

https://www.freebsd.org/news/feed.xml bsd
https://www.bsdnow.tv/rss bsd
https://undeadly.org/cgi?action=rss&full=1 bsd

https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfcatom.xml rfc

https://unixsheikh.com/feed.rss blog tech
http://www.aaronsw.com/2002/feeds/pgessays.rss blog tech
https://research.swtch.com/feed.atom blog go
https://readrust.net/all/feed.rss blog rust
https://fasterthanli.me/index.xml blog rust
https://without.boats/index.xml blog
https://readrust.net/all/feed.rss blog rust
https://drewdevault.com/blog/index.xml blog
https://jvns.ca/atom.xml blog
http://ericlippert.com/feed/ blog
https://waldon.blog/feed blog
https://charity.wtf/feed/ blog
https://macwright.com/atom.xml blog
https://lethain.com/feeds.xml blog
https://asthasr.github.io/index.xml blog
https://desmondrivet.com/posts/feed_lifestream.xml blog
https://jlelse.blog/posts.rss blog
https://dellacorte.me/feed.xml blog
https://2ality.com/feeds/posts.atom blog
https://waitbutwhy.com/feed blog
https://pomp.substack.com/feed blog
https://www.htmhell.dev/feed.xml blog
https://robertmelton.com/index.xml tech blog
https://onethingwell.org/rss tech
